# Project: Food Ordering App

# Work Division
 - Ahsan: Databases & DB interfaces
 - Mustafa: Front End: HTML/CSS/jQuery
 - Vincent: Back End: Serv-side stuff

 # Week End Availability
 - Ahsan (EST): Available all weekend
 - Vincent (MST): Available all weekend
 - Mustafa (PST): Saturday 9AM - 3AM (available)

 # Communication
 - Group huddle (maximum 1 hour): 9AM PST Every day of the project
 - Slack

# User Stories
- I am [hungry user], I can [long onto the the website to view the restaurant's menu], because [I am hungry]
- I am [hungry user], I can [select food items to put them in the cart], because [I want to order food].
- I am [hungry user], I can [review my order & enter my personal details], because [I want to pay for my food and get it delivered].
- I am [hungry user], I can [receive a message telling me that my order will be ready in X minutes], because I want to know when it will be delivered.
- I am [the restaurant owner], I can [receive a message telling me that I have a new order and the order details] because [I want to make money].
- I am [the restaurant owner], I can [send a message telling my customer when their order will be delivered] because [I want my customer to have a good experience]
- I am [hungry user], I can [receive a message telling me that my ordered was delivered] because [I want my customer to have a good experience].

# Database
- ERD has been developed

# HTTP Routes
- menu_items & orders
- menu_items:
  - Browse - GET - /menu_items ```// Main Page```
- orders:
  - Read - GET - /order/:id
  - Edit - POST - /order/:id ```// Only before they've paid for the order.```
  - Add - POST - /order ``` // This is going to happen when they checkout their order.```

# Wireframes
- Basic wireframes have been developed

# Core Functionality
- User clicks on food items. The food items are stored somewhere. The total price shows up on the bottom. (This is just client-side JS.)
- User clicks on the Checkout button. That leads him/her to the page where they are asked to confirm the order and fill out their details. (POST request. Server-side renders this page with data from the previous page.)
- If they want to remove items, they can click on the remove button for each item. (This is client-side JS)
- If they want to adjust quantities they can click on the +/- buttons under each item. (This is also client-side JS).
- If they want to add more items, there is an add more items button that takes them back to the first page. (This is a post request with data from page 2 back to page 1).
- User fills out the form and clicks on the place order button. That leads the user to the last page where their order summary is shown. At the same time, data from previous page is stored in the database. (This is a post request).

# Nice To Have
## Must
## Should
- The ability to store unchecked out orders in a cookie
## Could
- Order look up to check order status
## Would
- Reviews for food items
- Read - GET - /menu_item/:id
- Restaurant owner's ability to edit, add and delete menu items from his menu is a nice to have

# Miscellaneous Notes
- Put ERD in planning folder
- Create Git Repo and share with Vincent & Mustafa

# Actions
- Individually: set up the PG database
- Ahsan: clone the Node skeleton & grant collaborator access to team